So now instead of just rendering these text components here let's actually go ahead
and work on taking
our history component and making it look closer to something like this.
So the very first thing we'll do is we need to import a few things.
We will grab Style Sheet Platform as well as
Touchable Opacity and then we also need the color white.
And then lastly let's go ahead and grab
our Date Header component because we'll be using that right here.
All right so the very first thing we need to do is let's go ahead and create some styles.
First, let's go ahead and style the specific day.
So up here we will say style equal styles.
Let's call this styles.item.
And so that means down here.
Let's create some styles.
So what this is going to have,
is we will say background color is going to be white, border radius.
You'll notice here that depending on the platform,
we have a different border radius.
So we will say if we're on iOS
then the border radius is going to be 16 and if not it will be two.
And we'll just have some typical stuff here some padding,
margin left and right of 10 pixels.
Let's actually change our padding to 20 and say margin top 17 pixels.
We want to align everything on the main axis in
the center and then let's go ahead and add some shadows to this.
We'll say shadow radius it's going to be three,
say shadow opacity is going to be zero point eight shadow color.
Let's go ahead and give an rgba value of zero zero zero,
and then zero point two four and some more shadow stuff,
we'll say shadow offset width of zero and a height of three.
And that looks pretty good.
I just noticed we didn't actually give this a key.
So we'll put all of this stuff inside of item.
So now let's look at what we have going on here. Alright! Very good.
So you'll notice it's a little bit styled right here.
And so now what we want to do is let's go ahead and change out some of this stuff.
So what we want to do here is we actually want to do something like this where we say,
if today is a thing,
then let's show this view and inside of
this view what we're going to have is our date header.
Date is going to be this formatted date argument that were being passed,
and then below that what we want to say is we will say text,
and let's go ahead and we will give this a style of styles dot no data text,
and then we will just show whatever today is,
and then if it's not today,
what we're going to do is we will render our touchable opacity button.
For now let's give it an on press,
we'll just go ahead and say console dot log, pressed.
And then inside of here,
let's still just render a text component which is going to stringify our metrics,
and then let's just go ahead and clean up render empty date real quick.
So here we can say style equal styles dot item,
just as we did above.
And then we're also going to have a date header with
the date being this format of date that we're being passed.
And then we will render a text with just like we did above.
We'll say styles dot no data texts,
and it will say you didn't log any data on this day.
Alright so last thing we need to do is,
go ahead and fill out styles dot no data text,
so we will come down here and all this is going to have,
say font size is 20 padding top is 20 and padding bottom is also going to be 20.
So now if we look at this,
let's go ahead and select that day.
So notice here it says you didn't log any data.
Here is a day we did log data we haven't styled that yet, you didn't log any data.
And then this is today.